
How to set up Network Tierra:

Make tierra with the command:

make -f Makefile-Net programs

You man need to edit Makefile-Net to configure it for your operating
environment.

Environment variables
 
Network Tierra uses the environment variables "HOST" and "SITE".
You can check to see if they are set by using the command:

env

which will list the environment variables that are set, and their
values.  If HOST or SITE aren't set, set their values as follows.

setenv HOST XXXX

where "XXXX" is the hostname of your machine.

setenv SITE YYYYYYY

where "YYYY" is the sitename of your site.

For example if your hostname is "myhost" and site name is "efd.abc.co.jp",
set as follows.

set HOST myhost
set SITE efd.abc.co.jp

Once the HOST environment variable is set, you can create some running
files and directories for this host by the command:

netgb0 XXXX

where XXXX is the host name of your node.

Now you can run tierra using the script:

rtie0

Note: This runs tierra in the background mode, and assumes that you
have compiled with 

#define FRONTEND      STDIO

If you want to run Tierra in the foreground, then compile with:

#define FRONTEND      BASIC

(this definition is made in the configur.h file)

and run tierra with the command:

tierra1 si0-XXXX

where XXXX is the host name.

MORE STUFF:

The file si0-XXXX defines the startup values of a bunch of variables that
control Tierra.  A few that are relevant to network operation are mentioned
below:

1) LocalPort

"LocalPort" is a port number for socket communication.  If Tierra failed
with the message, "bind:RecvSocket failed.", change the varable of LocalPort
which must be greater than 1023, because port number 1 - 1023 are reserved by
the system.

2) map_fn

"map_fn" sets the name of the file which lists the know nodes on the
virtual net.  The form of map_fn for one node is as follows,

hostname:internet address:port number;

You can copy the file "MapFile-Net", and use it (this is done by the
script netgb0).  If you edit map_fn file, write only one node's
information each line.  Also: LEAVE NO BLANK LINES

3) Nice

"Nice" is the nice variable which determines the priority of cpu use.
"nice value 0" means the hightest priority and "39" is the lowest priority.
Common users are able to set the nice value 20-39.  So "Nice = 0" sets the
tierra process to cpu priority "20" and "Nice = 19" sets the tierra
process cpu priority to the minimum: "39".  We recommend using this minumum,
(set Nice = 19).

Environment variable
 
Network Tierra uses the environment variables "HOST" and "SITE".
If they aren't set, set their values as follows.

setenv HOST XXXX

where "XXXX" is a hostname of your machine.

setenv SITE YYYYYYY

where "YYYY" is the sitename of your site.

For example if your hostname is "myhost" and site name is "efd.abc.co.jp",
set as follows.

set HOST myhost
set SITE efd.abc.co.jp


